Add update request response sample (#292)
temporalio/samples-go: reqrespupdate/README.md

Reviewer: Can update those other `reqresp` samples' READMEs to reference this one and vice versa, or can wait until updates are more stable, your choice.

Author: Yeah I purposefully left it off till update is more stable

# Request/Response Sample with Update-Based Responses

This sample demonstrates how to send a request and get a response from a Temporal workflow via an update.

> [Update](https://docs.temporal.io/workflows#update) is a new feature available for preview on [Temporal Server v1.21](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases/tag/v1.21.0).

Reviewer: May need some internal reminder to come update this once it's out of preview (including some of the verbiage below like "once released")

### Running

Follow the below steps to run this sample:

1) Run a [Temporal service](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-go/tree/main/#how-to-use). Note, update is only supported on [Temporal Server v1.21](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/releases/tag/v1.21.0)

2) Update functionality is disabled by default but can be enabled per Namespace by setting the `frontend.enableUpdateWorkflowExecution` flag to true for that Namespace in dynamic config.

3) Run the following command in the background or in another terminal to run the worker:

    go run ./reqrespupdate/worker

4) Run the following command to start the workflow:

    go run ./reqrespupdate/starter

5) Run the following command to uppercase a string every second:

    go run ./reqrespupdate/request

Multiple of those can be run on different terminals to confirm that the processes are independent.

### Comparison with activity-based responses and query-based response

> There are two other samlples showing how to do a request response pattern under [reqrespactivity](../reqrespactivity) sample and the [reqrespquery](../reqrespquery). The update based approach is the supperior option, and once released, will be the recommend approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two other samples showing how to do a request response pattern under [reqrespactivity](../reqrespactivity) sample and the [reqrespquery](../reqrespquery). The update based approach is the superior option, and once released, will be the recommend approach.
```

### Explanation of continue-as-new

Workflows cannot have infinitely-sized history and when the event count grows too large, `ContinueAsNew` can be returned

> to start a new one atomically. However, in order not to lose any data, update requests must be handles and any other futures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to start a new one atomically. However, in order not to lose any data, update requests must be handled and any other futures
```
